Fix the examples due to breaking changes in DS (#36)
epfl-lasa/modulo: source/modulo_core/README.md

No need to do anything else. The step function is called periodically at a frequency defined in the node under the `period` argument. And the `current_state` variable will be published over `robot/joint_state` channel on ros2 network automatically.

> We recommand to keep this step function short, especially if you use a small period. Otherwise, latency will occur in your control loop. Complete examples of control loop including multiple nodes are written in the [tests](examples/) for each representation spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend keeping this step function short, especially if you use a small period. Otherwise, latency will occur in your control loop. Complete examples of control loops including multiple nodes are written in the [tests](examples/) for each representation spaces.
```
